Document known Docker driver issues. (#4190)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/docker-driver/_index.md

docker plugin disable loki --force
docker plugin rm loki
```

# Know Issues

> The driver keeps all logs in memory and will drop log entries in case Loki is not reachable and the `max_retries` are exceeded. This can be avoided by setting `max_retries` to zero and thus trying forever until Loki is reachable again. However, this setting might have undesired consequences. The Docker daemon will wait for the Loki driver to process all logs of a container until it's removed. So it might wait forever and the container is stuck.
> 
> In order to avoid this situation it's recommended to use [Promtail](../promtail) instead with the following configuration.

Reviewer: I'm getting lost in which things we're avoiding.  Here's my attempt at a rewrite.

```suggestion
The driver keeps all logs in memory and will drop log entries if Loki is not reachable and if the quantity of `max_retries` has been exceeded. To avoid the dropping of log entries, setting `max_retries` to zero allows unlimited retries; the drive will continue trying forever until Loki is again reachable. Trying forever may have undesired consequences, because the Docker daemon will wait for the Loki driver to process all logs of a container, until the container is removed. Thus, the Docker daemon might wait forever if the container is stuck.

This issue is avoided by using  [Promtail](../promtail) with this configuration:
```

Author: Thank you. This is much better.

```yaml
server:
  disable: true

positions:
  filename: loki-positions.yml

clients:

>   - url: ${LOKI_ENDPOINT}

Reviewer: Would it be better to use the same configuration formatting as in the Promtail configuration descriptions?  They look like this:
```suggestion
  - url: http://ip_or_hostname_where_Loki_run:3100/loki/api/v1/push
```

>     basic_auth:
>       username: ${LOKI_USER}
>       password: ${LOKI_PASSOWORD}

Reviewer: Would it be better to use the formatting given in the Promtail configuration section? They look like this:

```suggestion
    # If using basic auth, configures the username and password sent.
    basic_auth:
      # The username to use for basic auth
      username: <string>
      # The password to use for basic auth
      password: <string>
```

scrape_configs:
  - job_name: system 
    pipeline_stages:
      - docker: {}
    static_configs:
      - labels:
          job: docker

>           __path__: /var/lib/docker/containers/*/*-json.log

Reviewer 2: Q: will it always be JSON logs? (just `*-json.log` bugs me, can it be just `*.log` instead?)

Author: Good question. The Docker pipeline steps requires the JSON log driver which is the default.

Reviewer 2: Cool. Thanks for clarification! :)
